fix: 19th and 20th questions replaced (#58067)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-colors/66ed8fe1f45ce3ece4053eb1.md

#### --text--

> Which function lets you set the color and opacity of an element to 50%?

Reviewer: there is an issue with this sentence, you can't sent a color to 50%

Author: You're right.
Maybe we should use 'colour transparency' instead of colour.

Reviewer: "the opacity of a color" could make sense

Author: Technically, I find it ok, but won't it cause confusion since opacity is a property?

Reviewer: "which color function allows to also set the opacity of the color"?

Author: > "which color function allows to also set the opacity of the color"?

Please be clearer, I am finding it hard to comprehend what you're relaying here.

Reviewer: it's a suggestion for different wording for the question

Author: > it's a suggestion for different wording for the question

Right. 
I'll go ahead and get into it.

#### --text--

Which color function also allows you to set the opacity of the color?

#### --distractors--

```css

> hsl(0, 20%, 30%, 50%)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hsl(0, 20%, 30%, 50%)
```

```

---

```css

> rgb(20,30,80,0.5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rgb(20, 30, 80, 0.5)
```

```

---

```css

> rgba(20,30,80)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rgba(20, 30, 80)
```

```

#### --answer--

```css

> hsla(0, 20%,30%,50%)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hlsa(0, 20%, 30%, 50%)
```

```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the correct css code to give an element a top to bottom red to blue gradient background?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which of the following is the correct way to give an element a top-to-bottom red-to-blue gradient background?
```

#### --distractors--

```css
background: radial-gradient(red, blue)
```

---

```css
background: radial-gradient(blue, red)
```

---

```css
background: linear-gradient(blue, red)
```

#### --answer--

```css

> background: linear-gradient(red,blue)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
background: linear-gradient(red, blue)
```
Tiny nitpick, after that it should be good to go.

Reviewer: mark a conversation as resolved if you have actually actioned it
if not comment on the why please
